GitHub Action for publishing SIG meeting videos on YouTube (#1076)
open-telemetry/community: tools/OpenTelemetryYoutube/README.md

## Pre-requisites

* [dotnet](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) installed to run
  the application

> * Your user need to be manager or owner of the channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your username needs to be manager or owner of the channel
```
